You and me
You and me belong, You and me belong together...
And I
I believe, I believe that you, I believe you feel the same...
And we
We are strong, Stronger than we ever thought when we were all alone...
And I know that times are getting rough...
So shortty March..
Walk wit me, cover me cuz you know life can be a battlezone...

-Chorus-
Cuz we comin up on uncharted territory but we still March, I still, you still, we still...
So many obstacles in front of us we can't see but we still March, I still, you still, we still
Let the clouds bring a storm. Bring us pain, bring us harm and we'll still march, I still, you still, we still
Let the ground rip apart.. push us back to the start and we'll still March. I still, you still, we still...

Like a soldier you deserve a purple heart
Sex...
Sex is great but making love to you is well worth waiting for
Waiting for the chance, the opportunity, the privilege to take you where you've never been before
You say you never been in love...
A love like this, a love like this is surely meant to stand the test of time
So you gon' have to trust...
Trust in me, walk with me along this path and never look behind...

-Chorus-
Cuz we comin up on uncharted territory but we still March, I still, you still, we still...
So many obstacles in front of us we can't see but we still March, I still, you still, we still
Let the clouds bring a storm. Bring us pain, bring us harm and we'll still march, I still, you still, we still..
Let the ground rip apart.. push us back to the start and we'll still March. I still, you still, we still...

-Bridge-
Holdin in the pain, pain, pain...
Waiting for so long...
Got so much to gain...
Together, You dont have to walk alone
No you don't..
As long as I exist, no you dont..
Whooaa... ohhhhh noo.. noo no no no no no no no noooooo

-Chorus-
Cuz we comin up on uncharted territory but we still March, I still, you still, we still...
So many obstacles in front of us we can't see but we still March, I still, you still, we still
Let the clouds bring a storm. Bring us pain, bring us harm and we'll still march, I still, you still, we still
Let the ground rip apart.. push us back to the start and we'll still March..
Give me love...
For your love...
In the name of love i still.....