"Look at the bargains over here, ladies..."

If I was your girlfriend
Would you remember to tell me all the things you forgot
When I was your man?
Hey, when I was your man

If I was your best friend
Would you let me take care of you and do all the things
That only a best friend can
Only best friends can

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

If I was your girlfriend
Would you let me dress you
I mean, help you pick out your clothes
Before we go out
Not that you're helpless
But sometimes, sometimes
Those are the things that bein' in love's about

If I was your one and only friend
Would you run to me if somebody hurt you
Even if that somebody was me?
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be
Please

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

Would you let me wash your hair
Could I make you breakfast sometime
Or then, could we just hang out, I mean
Could we go to a movie and cry together
Cuz to me baby that would be so fine

If I was your girlfriend
Baby can I dress you
I mean, help you pick out your clothes
Before we go out
(If I was your girlfriend)
Listen girl, I ain't sayin you're helpless
But sometimes, sometimes
Those are the things that bein' in love's about (sugar)

Sugar do you know what I'm saying to you this evening? (sugar)
Maybe you think I'm being
A little self-centered (if I was your girlfriend)
But I, I said I want to be (sugar)
All of the things you are to me (sugar)
Surely, surely you can see (if I was your girlfriend)

{{title repeated in background}}

Is it really necessary for me to go out of the room
Just because you wanna undress?
I mean, we don't have to make children to make love
And then, we don't have to make love to have an orgasm
Your body's what I'm all about
Can I see you?
I'll show you
Why not?
You can think it's because I'm your friend I'll do it for you
Of course I'll undress in front of you!
And when I'm naked, what shall I do?
How can I make you see that it's cool?
Can't you just trust me?
If I was your girlfriend you could
Oh, yeah, I think so
Listen, for you naked I would dance a ballet
Would that get you off?
Then tell me what will!
If I was your girlfriend, would you tell me?
Would you let me see you naked then?
Would you let me give you a bath?
Would you let me tickle you so hard you'd laugh and laugh
And would you, would you let me kiss you there
You know down there where it counts
I'll do it so good I swear I'll drink every ounce
And then I'll hold you tight and hold you long
And together we'll stare into silence
And we'll try to imagine what it looks like
Yeah, we'll try to imagine what, what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll try to imagine what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll try?