(feat. Mr. Che)

From the door, she had it open
Seen her with her friends, Shorty flexin
Yo, I wonder whos she sexin
Whos showin her affection
Honey ride headed up in my direction
Word, I wanna join her session
Hairdo, nails done, plush Shorty stay proper
She remind me of my jeep, kid, I need to cop her
Very flashy, can't let her pass me
Im talkin dove Ps, kid, real classy

I wanna show you how I put it down
Over the phone you told me tell you how
But Im tired of talkin, baby, come around
You said can't right now, you at your sisters house

And you can't leave because shes outta town
And said a phone wwould have to do for now
But girl, you keep on makin sexy sounds
So you dont have to leave, baby, Ill come around

Baby, Im comin through (Comin through)
So I could see the freak in you (See the freak in you)
Do what you say youll do (Yeah)
When you see me (Baby, when you see me)

Girl, Im ready to show you (Oh...oh...)
I can freak you (Freak it, baby)
Girl, Ill make you say, "Ooh, ooh" (Ooh...)
Girl, you feel me, let me show you (Show)

We talked about it long enough to (Yeah, yeah)
Let me (Let me) freak you (Freak you, baby)
Let me show you how I do (Ooh...)
Baby, let me freak you (Oh...)

What was that you told me on the phone
And girl, you know I know that no ones home
Now its time for us to get it on
Let me put it on, hey, all night long

Check the way I do my freak style (Freaky style)
The way I got you movin up and down (Up and down)
If its alright Ill help you scream real loud
But will the neighbors tell your sister what went down

You said you had so much fun (So much fun)
And you love the way I get the job done (Yeah)
It was  all about the way I made you feel
(All about the way I made)

Girl, Im ready to show you (Yeah)
I can (Yeah) freak you (Oh)
Girl, Ill make you say, "Ooh, ooh" (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Girl, you feel me, let me show you (Yeah...)

We talked about long enough to (Ooh...)
Let me freak you (Hoo...)
Let me show you how I do
Baby, let me freak you (Let me freak you, yeah)

Girl, you know that I aim to please
Im in the zone, baby, throw it on me
I put it down for you constantly
We can work it out without a doubt

Go down and lay you like 23
Im makin moves like you never seen
Ill beep your sound, baby, instantly (Instantly)
In your sisters house up on her couch (Oh...oh...)

[Mr. Che]
Shawty let me  freak somethin
Turn you on like a oven
Hit you with some good nigga from the hood lovin
You feelin back rubs, L sessions, lace swings
The basic run is on how I regulate things
Dont get me wrong, we could hit the town and shine through
Just let a nigga know what be up on your mind, Boo
You got the smarts, your physique is ill, it looks could kill
Theyd send that ass up for the river, girl, fer-fer real
Im tellin you, you got me open just from smellin you
Inside my head are voices screamin and its yellin, "You"
You make a nigga wanna sing, you do your thing
The way you dressin, for real, girl its mad impressin
Take you on a dinner date but then again i'll wait
I'll Give this here a little time and then I regulate
So You can call Tim, Darkskin and slim
IMy freestyling right, love it when the lights is dim
Let me freak it off, show you how I do
Down the line maybe youll become my Boo
Jade, Dogg Child, Men Of Vizion
F.J. came to knock you all out position(Break you all night long)

Girl, Im ready to show you (Baby, we can keep it goin on)
I can freak you (I dont care if the neighbors know)
Girl, Ill make you say, "Ooh, ooh"
(Girl, you shoulda never, never turned me on)
Girl, you feel me, let me show you (No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no)

We talked about it long enough to (No...no)
Let me freak you (Let me freak you)
Let me show you how I do (Ooh...ooh...)
Baby, let me freak you (Let me freak you)