[Intro]
I know that my savior lives
And at the end, he will stand on this earth
My flesh may be destroyed
Yet from this body, I will see God
Yes, I will see him for myself
And I long for that moment

[Verse 1: DMX]
Grandma, I really miss you, and it ain't been the same
I drop a tear when I hear your name
Mary Ella Holloway, why you gotta be so far away?
Used to say, "Don't worry, it's gon' be okay"
But it ain't – it's like when you left, you took the Lord with you
Why couldn't I come when he came to get you?
Damn, I really miss you… I had to say it again
I remember the time when I was like 10
Crept up in the neighbor's yard, yeah, being hard headed
You told me I would get it – you said it!
And boy did I get it, but after you spanked me, you hugged me
Kissed me on my forehead, told me that you love me
And I saw that it hurt you more than it hurt me
I thought, how bad could this hurt be?
I know now, that's why it's only done out of love
What I wouldn't give for one mo' hug, from grandma

[Hook: Faith Evans]
Baby, it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that…)
Baby, it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin'…)
Baby, it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that…)
Baby, it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin'…)

[Verse 2: DMX]
What I'm about to say
A couple of family members is gon' hate me
But I'mma let you know what's been goin on lately
Now you know since you left
A lot of things with your kids done changed
Yeah, Jackie's still crazy, don't know what's up with James
Ain't seen Jerry in a while, you know he walk like you
And Renée's back in jail, you know she talk like you
Riculah's(?) doing real good now, she workin'
Rhonda's still runnin around, trickin', jerkin'
Buckeye's buggin', he done lost his mind
And Jarvis? Back out of jail, doing fine
Kylie? He done changed, it ain't all about self
As for my father... well, that's somethin' else
But that's my dog, he hold his grandmother down
My great grandmother, making a lot of trips out of town
But that's a good thing, and if I could only hear you sing
Once more, oh Lord, the comfort it would bring

[Hook]

[Verse 3: DMX]
You left behind a mother, eleven kids, eleven grandkids
And since then, two of your grandkids done had kids
They had a boy named Tacoma, Xavier's brother
That's right, Xavier's made you a great grandmother
I thank you for the best times of my life
I thank you for when you first met her
Accepted and lovin' my wife
I thank you for those Sunday dinners, they were vital
I thank you for my life, I thank you for the Bible
I thank you for the songs that you sing in the mornin'
(Amazing Grace…) while I'm yawnin'
I thank you for the two beatings you gave me
‘Cause I know somewhere along the line
The lesson I learned from the two beatings saved me
And when you died I cried like a baby
I begged the Lord to take me
‘Cause no one else could give me what you gave me
But life, like everything, comes to an end
I pray I go to Heaven to see you again – Amen

[Hook] – repeat 2X

[Faith Evans]
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but now I'm found
Was blind, but now I see, yeah