I was sitting at home, yes, I was
And it occured to me, yes, it did
I thought about the disc jockeys, yeah
Playing them ballads and the beat all day long

So I decided, yes, I did
Give them a little tune they could take five on
Because I know they get tired
Playing them records all day long, mind him, yeah

We gonna call it, we gonna call it
D.J. and me, sing along with Ree

The Mr. and Mrs. D.J. I know your listeners alright
You get up and do your number right about this time
I’m making it good and I’ll make you feel together
Let it all hang out and do your number
Get down to the real true grit

Hang on in there and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Get on in there, you all, and let it roll, oh
Hang on in there now, we’re gonna do it together
Oh, hang on in there, yeah, you gotta shake your funky soul

We gonna call it, we gonna call it
D.J. and me, and sing along with Ree

Here comes the part I know you’re gonna
'Cause we all get a chance to hear you
When the part hang on in there comes around
Do your number three, here we go

Hang on in there and let it rock
Oh, hang on in there, you all, and let it roll
Hang on in there, yeah, do it together
You gotta hang on in there now, you gotta shake your funky soul

Hang on in there, have you got it?
Hang on in there, oh, have you got it?

Oh, hang on in there and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, you all, and let it roll
Oh, hang on in there, woo, and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, you all, and let it roll

Hang on in there, oh, let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, yeah, and let it roll
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hang on in there, good God almighty
Hang on in there, you all, you gotta shake your funky soul

Hang on, hang on, hang on and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, yeah, and let it roll
Oh, hang on in there, oh, and let it rock, uh
Hang on in there, you gotta shake your funky soul

Oh, hang on in there and let it rock
Hang on in there, yeah, you gotta let the good times roll
Hang on in there and let it rock, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hang on in there, you gotta shake your funky soul