I was hungry, you fed me
Naked, you clothed me
They will know us by our love
Can't imagine how it felt as you lay there
Through the dark, through the heat, through the cold
With your friend by your side, held his hand and watched him die
And you cried as you prayed for his soul
I can't imagine how it felt as you stood there
Through the winds that would just not go away
Kiss my wife, tell my son, "My work on Earth is done"
You're the one that can still hear them say
Is there anybody out there listening?
And does anybody know my name?
No, my friend we were not there, but we're here and we care
And yes, we feel your pain, and yes, we feel your pain
I can't imagine how you felt as you sat there
Trying to hide the fear upon your face
As the Earth begins to cry and you ask the preacher, "Why?"
Tonight, we can hear the children say, hear them say
Is there anybody out there listening?
And does anybody know my name?
No, my friend we were not there, but we are here and we care
And yes, we feel your pain
And does anybody out there know me?
(Do you know me?)
Can you stop the clock, make this go away?
(Make it go away)
No, that cross you cannot bare, but God can and He cares
And yes, He feels your pain
And yes, He feels your pain
Please can anybody see?
Because my faith has gotten weak
Don't know how much more I can take
Hear my heart and please don't deny
Is there anybody out there listening?
And does anybody know my name?
My friend we were not there, but we are here and we care
And yes, we feel your pain, yeah
Is there anybody out there listening?
(Does anybody know?)
Does anybody know my name?
(Does anyone know my name?)
Oh, my friend we were not there, but I'm right here and I care
And yes, He feels your pain
Does anybody out there know me?
(Do you know me?)
Then stop the clock and make this go away
(You can make it go away)
No, that cross I cannot bare, but He can and He cares
Yes, He feels your pain
Oh yes, He feels your pain
Yes, He feels your pain
(Thank you, Jesus)
The clock is ticking, we hear you
(Oh my, oh my)
We see you
He's got the whole world in His hands
He's got the whole world in His hands
(You and me sister, you and me brother, my, my)
Hallelujah