My first son, isn't he beautiful? I'm not gonna let nothin'
I mean nothin' come between me and him
God I thank you for my seed and for that
I'll raise him right, forever

Representin' for the fathers that can't see their seeds
Don't worry 'bout it, trust it'll be alright, ya know what I mean?
Ya feel me? Listen up

Seems like only yesterday, when I first held my baby
I remember just a feeling of joy
Well, taken there in an instant, tried my best to fight against it
Just to face the fact she don't want me around

After ten long years, I refuse to believe
How could this woman take my baby and run?
No matter what, I'm his father, have every right to encounter
I wanna spend some time with my baby boy, you know, so tell me

Why you wanna keep me from my baby?
Sittin' here drivin' me crazy, I never did nothin' wrong to my child
You say you wanna keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child

As I look into the mirror, so many times I will dream of
Wakin' up and standing at your front door, oh yeah
Just as I was about to knock, somethin' made me say
"Stop, you need to walk away, and it will work out"

And I cried, I cried, Lord knows I tried to be the bigger man
Not let myself do something wrong, the pain I feel to be prolonged
And I'm still shocked, how could you be so cruel?
If you were me, what would you do?
Don't you think he has the right to find out that his daddy loves him, too

Why you wanna keep me from my baby?
Sittin' here drivin' me crazy, I never did nothin' wrong to my child
You say you wanna keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child

Why do this to me? What did I ever do to you?
Now I don't care, I'm gonna be there, I wanna know my child

Why you wanna keep me from my baby?
Sittin' here drivin' me crazy, I never did nothin' wrong to my child
You say you wanna keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child

Yo, son, I just want you to know
That I don't care what's goin' on in your mother's personal life
All I care about is you, and I love you, and I will love you 'til the day I die
And just remember one thing, I'm your father