DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line


Hello, what is your name and what would you like to hear?

Yo, my name is Earl, can I speak to one of the dynamic three?

Okay, hold on...


Hello, the request line

Hi, my name is Joanne, I’m from down south, and I’d like to talk to one of the Dynamic Three

Here’s Charlie Prince!


[Verse 1: Charlie Prince]

Hey! Charlie Prince on your request line
I’d like to know your name and your zodiac sign, say what?!
You a scorpio just like me
And I’d like to let you know that I’m nasty!
If you give me a chance with you fly girl
I bet you any amount of money that I can rock your world
Because when I’m in the mood to get things done
The hotel is the place where we can have big fun
If that doesn’t sound right and you don’t agree
Let’s go to my house, ‘cause I got the key
I don’t have a waterbed and the reason’s why?
Because it’s not necessary, no need to lie

So if you want to be my girl you must come correct
And you might be the girl that I would select
Cause I’m the heavens above and known to be the prince of love
Cause when it comes to meeting me, you do have to shove!


DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line


Hello the request line?

Hi, my name is Irene and I’m callin' from Chilltown, AC, I’d like to speak to one of the Dynamic Three?

Here's, MVG!


[Verse 2: MVG]

Hello, MVG on your request line
Hey pretty lady would you like to be mine?
Come walk with me I’ll do you no harm
But hypnotise you with my lovin’ charm!
But [?] I’ll do better than that
Whan I shuffle you around in my Cadillac
Cause I’m a grand priest, I’m a masterpiece
When I sweet talk you baby I just won’t see that
There’s so many people trying to be like me
A jiving young woman as fly as they can be
But me, I make money, and drive fancy cars
Live in a mansion, eat caviar
I have a dream of big success
With you baby and I don’t want no less
So don’t try to play when you see me roll
Because with me on your arm we’ll patrol your soul


DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line


Hello, the request line?


Yeah, I’m from the Big Apple, my name is Greg, and I’d like to hear somethin’ scratched up by the rock master Scott!


Here's the Scott now!


(Scratching / instrumental)


DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line


Hello, request line!

Hi my name is Champagne and I’m callin from the windy city, and I’d like to speak to one of the Dynamic Three

Okay, here’s Slick Rick!


[Verse 4: Slick Rick]

Hey, Slick Rick on your request line
And I rock to the beat at the drop of the dime
So listen very closely while I tell you this line
Have [?] and make them mine
I looked them in the eyes and had them hypnotised
Put them in their dreams, start to fantasize!
What could it be? Could it really be true?
[?]
Oh yeah, baby doll, it’s your lover man
You know the one that’s always putting beef in your pants
I serve champagne and caviar
Have you in my house, living like a star
You I know am the one, so let’s make love
Take you up to the skies above
Put you in my arms, squeeze you real tight
And when the job is over, I served you right


DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line
DJ please, pick up your phone, I’m on the request line


Hello, request line

Hello!

Oh, excuse me, would you please turn down your radio a little?

How’s that?

That sounds great. Go ahead

Hi, my name’s Claudia, I’m from the city of brotherly love, and I’d like to hear something from the Dynamic Three, one more time

Okay, here’s Rockmaster Scott & the Dynamic Three one more time


[Verse 5: Charlie Prince, MVG, Slick Rick]

[?]

Hello, the request line?

Hi, I'm Heidi King. I would like to hear something fresh [?]

Here's something fresh!