*Phone rings*

Guy: Whose dick you sucking?
Girl: Don't call me with that bullshit, alright?
Guy: You lying, you lying to me, B
Girl: Yeah, exactly
Guy: Whose dick you sucking? C'mon B, I just heard some shit about you, some foul shit. The fuck is the deal?
Girl: Suck my fucking dick, you bitch-ass nigga! I don't
Guy: No, you explain it to me, bitch. You know what I'm talking about
Girl: I don't know nobody up here! I don't fuck with nobody up here and I ain't been fucking with nobody up here! I don't know nobody in fucking Yonkers!
Guy: Lying ass bitch. You ain't shit. Do I got to holler his name too?
Girl: Who the fuck is he!?
Guy: Bitch, you fuckin' him!

*Hangs up*

[Hook]
"All I want is you, all I want" (Background)
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
It's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you with me or what? Wake up, try to get me a nut
Cause honeys wanna give me the butt, what

[Verse 1]
I'm politickin' with this chicken, wondering if I'ma creep her
Little hoodrat bitch from 25th named Tenika
Coming through, like I do, you know, getting my bark on
Knew she was a thug cause when I met her she had a scarf on
5411, size 7 in girls
Babyface, would look like she was 11 with curls
Girlfriend, remember me from way back?
I'm the same cat with the wave cap
The motherfucker that TNT used to blaze at
Still here, so it's all good
Oh, you know my niggas Rich and them doing they thing on 35th Ave? It's a small hood
And it's all wood, so let me get that number, I get up
Aight? Hit you on the jack later on, see wassup
Talking to shorty made me wanna do something nice
Looking at that ass made me wanna do something tonight
And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight
She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might…

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2]
I'm getting at shorty like, "What you need? What you want?"
All for nothing, cause I got you, but you front?
I see you with your baby father, but it don't matter
You gave me the pussy, that ass is getting fatter
Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me
I'da kept it more than real, boo, can't lose with me
Heard he smacked you
Cause you said my name while y'all was sexin'
Ran up on this cat he thought was me, and started flexin'
You know I ain't even with that
So he gon' have to get that just on GP
Try to creep me, what? Leave that nigga sleepy
On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy
I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big Caddy
But let him know, never mind, yo, I need you to go
Take this snow up to 1-5-0, see Joe
Get that, come back with that, we can split that, sit back
Fuck, puff a L, forget that; you with that?

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
Ayo, this chicken got me diggin' her moves, cause she smooth
Win or lose, whoever she choose, it's the dues
Respect is not expected, but it's given cause it's real
Being neglected's the norm, expect it, the deal
Lie, cheat, and steal for me
Putting something in a nigga's wig if you squeal for me
Kill for me. You're still with me? Cause we get down like what
Told you's from the door, it ain't all about a nut
I'm gon' be fair, trying to be there, we gon' see then
Hit me with the question, boo, that answer gon' be "yeah"
See there, something can go wrong, it does
Loved it, let it go, but it came back, that's how strong it was
But you belonged to cus, couldn't belong to me
You had two kids by this nigga, it was wrong for me
But we gon' always be best of friends, haha
Mad love, boo, to the end, tada

[Hook]