[Intro: Rick Ross]
With the ghetto in my rear view, you are my every tomorrow
The world is ours... Mary J. Blige

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I've been logging in my bed, crying til my eyes are red
We both said that things will change
But it's still the same shade of gray
I get mad you walk away
When it all just start to fade
I know you're fed up so am I
But we just can't say goodbye
Boy, you know I love you
But I just can't go on no more
Feelin' this way

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? (Just can't get it right)
Just can't get it right (Can we get it right?)
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right
No matter how hard we try

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I got her looking at me sideways
Live every night like it's a Friday
My conversations are so monumental
Licking on her ear, I'm whispering a couple riddles
She fell in love with my technique
I made her call me boss when in the bedsheets
We both coming from the same place
All in her both coming at the same place
Still on my dope boy swag
Top down on my Cam'ron, Oh boy swag
Played the hand we were dealt from the beginning, baby
You the dealer, cut the deck, while we winning baby

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? (Just can't get it right)
Just can't get it right (Get it right)
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right (Just can't get it right)
No matter how hard we try

[Verse 3: Mary J. Blige]
Can't we turn love around
We build it up to break it down
If you knew the way I feel
You would know that this love is real
But live in Heaven, go to hell then
Go right back, across the lesson
Tired of stressin', get the message
I can't live in this depression no more
Boy, you know I love you
But I just can't go on (no more) feeling like this no more

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? Just can't get it right
Just can't get it right. Get it right
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right (Just can't get it right)
No matter how hard we try

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige {Rick Ross}]
Back on my own again (Back on my own, back on my own)
I don't want this to end (I don't want it to end)
But baby I need (I need, I need) a friend to show me some more (to show me some more)
And i think it should be you
{I love this part right here, look where we came from, Mary}
I just want you to show me, to show me some love yeah

[Verse 4: Rick Ross]
Characteristics of a charismatic nigga
20 million on a villa, what’s illa
We livin’, lil boys gotta work at that
Gettin’ cash, so I snatch my girl a perfume bag
Blowin kisses out the drop top, that nigga got gwop
Stay in ya house when the block hot
Makin love that will not stop
Bed sheets to the countertop
Diamonds my baby down to rock

[Outro: Rick Ross]
Hold your blessings up baby, with the presents of greatness
It's the queen lifetime, Mary J
(Maybach Music)