Parody of "Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin
(Matt. 7:13-14, 13:24 John 6:44, 14:6)

There's a way Jesus showed all us sinners must go
And He called it the narrow way to Heaven
If to get there's your goal -- with a pure heart and soul
In His Word you can get what you came for
Ooooooh and he described it right there in Matthew 7
There've been signs all along but you want to be sure
Cause the road sometimes swerves as you're reading
In the free Bible book, there in John 3:16, come find how all our faults are forgiven
Two ways to ponder -- two ways to ponder
There's a freeway of death and it hooks to the left
And the steering and driving is easy
It is not quite as seems -- see that smoke, feel the heat
Hear the voice of the Lord who stands knockin'
Ooooooh ... it takes you under. Ooooooh ... it really takes you under
And it's His Word that's true -- if we all follow through
Then the Bible will lead us to Jesus
And the true way will dawn -- on those who've read John
Chapter 14 verse 6 and thereafter Ooooooh ...
If there's a possible dead end road -- don't be a lost man
It's best to think before you take it
Yes, there are two paths you can go by -- but there's a wrong one
But there's still time to change the road you're on
Ooooooh ... can it take you up there?
You're headed somewhere but it won't go the place you wanna go
If Christ has called and you avoid Him
The way to Heaven's very narrow, and did you know
It's very wide on the way to Hell? LEAD
Where will you wind up down the road -- a shadow land or street of gold?
There is a Way that we all know -- He shines bright light on words that show
How every man will turn to dust -- but if you let Him in your heart
The Truth will come to you at last -- and our Lord warned us where to go
And He was God -- He ought to know
And He called it the narrow way to Heaven

(Jesus is speaking) "Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it