[Intro: Omarion] + (Gucci Mane)
Oh! Omarion (It's Gucci)
Yeah, Song Dynasty (Burr!)
Watch me get it (Gucci! Gucci!)

[Verse 1: Omarion]
I done cut the braids, low cut, got my grown on
Had to switch the label, gettin' money money long long
I be so L.A, got my Chucks and my Locs on
I was M.I.A in M.I.A superman on

[Bridge: Omarion]
I know I got it (got it, got it), I know she on it (on it, on it)
I know you see it (see it, see it), I know she want it (want it, want it)
She got that Cali good (Cali good), and she kinda hood (kinda hood)
She got me policing and wishing that a nigga would
Cause lil' momma got her back right
She be skating on it, got a nigga seeing flashlight
They be tryna get her, but she holdin' on hella tight
I got that act right, that's what she like

[Chorus: Omarion]
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again

[Verse 2: Red Cafe]
Shakedown! Whatelse?
My city is g'd up
Poppin like it's geeked up
Still I put that yayo on the block until it freeze up
Ballin like a sun-a-bit
Get money and double it
My bitches is centerfold, and those I never cuddle with
Hustle in my blood, homie i'm from New York
Imma say it again, I'm from New York
On the avenue, L.A. Malibu
Dippin' in the Aston, the 5th up in the stash-in
All my nigga's mobile, south beach jetskis
Ya'll niggas is local, Metro PC
Trappin on a sunny day
VIP Money play
Fall thru, got the club swingin like money made

[Bridge] (some versions)
[Chorus: Omarion]
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Burr! Burr! Gucci! Burr! Gucci!
Tennis shoes, Farrakhan, Louis V. carry on
Gucci Mane, Gucci girl, panties she ain't wearin' none
Don't want me to buy her none, man she done fired 'em
Damn near broke her neck when she seen me with Omarion
Double take, double take, let's go have a triple date
Me, you and them twins you be with - y'all think y'all can handle me?
And if I ain't putting it down right, you can cancel me
I'm married to the game, so no, you can't marry me
Champagne wishes, private jet kisses
Shanghai, Bangkok, we overseas trippin'
Pinocchio, your nose will grow, I'm smokin' dro in Tokyo
A trappa but this rappin got me going places you'll never go

[Chorus: Omarion]
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again
I get it in (I get it in), I get it in (I get it in)
I get it in (I get it in), I get again and again

Hey! Omarion. Hey!