Sick minds, sad sights
Never ending sleepless nights have been accepted as an everyday thing
Wire tapping, kidnapping...

Will the Russians push the button?

I tell you, people, our thoughts and values have got to change
They say love is the strongest force on this earth
Uh, but to me, peace among people surpasses love and worth
People (jobs don`t come no bigger than the one we`ve got to do.)
If we don`t give peace a chance, what do you think is gonna hapen to me and you?

Think about it

That`s why I am reaching out my hand to be your friend
This unrest between races has got to come to an end
Don`t let the color of my skin confuse you
I swear on a stack of bibles I won`t misuse you
So put your (hand in mine.)
Huh, we're gonna form a human chain, mightier than a hurricane

(And walk this land, hand in hand, day and night, black and white.)
We gotta unite the world
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
Come on and sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it

We got to unite the world
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
Log on to kill this message
Come on and sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it with me

We got to unite the world
(Walk this land, day and night, ahnd in hand, black and white.)
God almighty,. Sing it, sing it, sing it
Aww, unite the world

Come on
Come on
Come on
Awww

Oh, ding-dong-ding let the freedom bell ring
The good Lord made you and me, what he wanted us to be
Free all those people you got chained up in your (mind.)Hmmm-mm-hmmm, now there`s truth in what I`m saying
We gotta stop the games we`re playing
Two wrongs ain`t never made a right (Right)

Hung up, tripped out, whatever you may be
Now is the time to set yourself free
Put your (hand in mine.) Huh, come on
Oh, and let`s walk

Oh, we gonna...(walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
Sing it with me now...(walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
Raise your voices and sing along with me

Come on, we gonna unite the world
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
We gonna...(walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)

We gonna unite the world
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
Sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it
Aw, come on, come on, come on, come on

(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)
(Walk this land, day and night, hand in hand, black and white.)